Video 8932 add server files (#41)
twilio/twilio-video-diagnostics-react-app: README.md

## Local Development

### Running a local token server

This application requires an access token to run the [Preflight](src/components/AppStateProvider/usePreflightTest/usePreflightTest.ts) and [Bitrate](src/components/AppStateProvider/useBitrateTest/useBitrateTest.ts) tests. The included local token [server](server/index.ts) provides the application with access tokens and TURN credentials. This token server can be used to run the app locally, and it is the server that is used when this app is run in development mode with `npm start`. Perform the following steps to setup the local token server:

> - If you haven't done so already, create an account in the [Twilio Console](https://www.twilio.com/console).
> - Click on 'Settings' and take note of your Account SID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you haven't done so already, create an account in the [Twilio Console](https://www.twilio.com/console) and take note of your Account SID.
```
I don't think there's a 'settings' button to click on. The account sid should just be right there when you log into the console.

Author: Oops copied this over from the React app, we will have to change it there too at some point 😄

- Create a new API Key in the [API Keys Section](https://www.twilio.com/console/video/project/api-keys) under Programmable Video Tools in the Twilio Console. Take note of the SID and Secret of the new API key.
- Store your Account SID, API Key SID, and API Key Secret, in a new file called `.env` (see [.env.example](.env.example) for an example).

Now the local token server (see [server/index.ts](server/index.ts)) can dispense Access Tokens and TURN credentials to run the Preflight and Bitrate tests.

### Running the App locally

Run the app locally with

    npm start

This will start the local token server and run the app in the development mode. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see the application in the browser.

The page will reload if you make changes to the source code in `src/`.

> You will also see any linting errors in the console. Start the token server locally with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also see any linting errors in the console. If you need to run only the server on its own, you can start the token server locally with
```
Just don't want users to think that they need to run `npm start` and `npm run server`.

    npm run server

The token server runs on port 8081.

> The response will be a token that can be used to run the Preflight and Bitrate tests. The server provided with this application uses the same endpoints as the [serverless](serverless/functions/app) endpoints that are used to deploy the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server provided with this application uses the same endpoints as the [serverless](serverless/functions/app) endpoints that are used when the app is deployed to Twilio Serverless.
```
Not sure the first sentence is needed. It's a little unclear - what response?

Also the two functions in functions/app aren't used to deploy the app, but they are used _by_ the deployed app.

Author: Ha, good catch. That first sentence makes sense in the [React app](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-video-app-react#:~:text=The%20token%20server%20runs%20on%20port%208081%20and%20expects%20a%20POST%20request%20at%20the%20/token%20route%20with%20the%20following%20JSON%20parameters%3A) when it talks about making a POST request to `/token` 🤦 .

This will start the local token server and run the app in the development mode. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see the application in the browser.

The page will reload if you make changes to the source code in `src/`.
You will also see any linting errors in the console. If you need to run only the server on its own, you can start the token server locally with

>     npm run server

Reviewer: Nit: just noticed that the others have a `$` and these two don't. 
```suggestion
    $ npm run server
```

Same with the one on line 83, which I'm not able to leave a comment on.
